Eventually, somebody is going to come
into that company and they're going to
look underneath the hood and they're
going to say, "Oh, we generated a,000
leads this quarter and how many of those
actually became real opportunities and
eventually became close one revenue."
You have to combine your CRM data and
the ad channel data. So, you cannot just
rely on what the ad channels say because
they're always going to lie. They're
always going to try to take credit,
right? Pixels overount. So there's a a
whole breath of opportunity in terms of
thinking about offers and getting
creative and just putting a different
spin on things and actually thinking
about the entire experience and not
just, oh, I signed up for an ebook. They
didn't become an SQL.
What's up everybody and welcome to
episode one of performance therapy. We
are talking today about why your SAS ads
are driving junk leads and how to fix
it. I'm Sylvia Perez. I am the founder
and CEO of At Conversion. And joining me
today is
>> Monal Prat, the head of performance at
At Conversion. So, this is a new show
and this is episode one where we're
going to dive deep into the things that
we struggle with as performance
marketers. Uh you know, the daily pains
and so on and so forth. So, enjoy the
ride and let's focus on how to fix lead
quality in this episode. So, Gonzalo, we
have experienced this uh through and
through in the agency every single day
with our clients trying to drive leads
and the quality is really bad. I've got
a few talking points here just to remind
us because I'm sure we're going to go
down the rabbit hole and start ranting.
So, I'll try to keep us uh honest. And
oftent times, you know, people deal with
this issue where they're optimizing for
cost per lead instead of cost per MQL or
cost per SQL. Why don't you just kick us
off and like break down your experience
with that dilemma?
>> Yeah, I mean it's common that brands are
often focused on what they see in the
platforms, right, in the ad channels.
And that's often what you see. You see
cost per lead. You see how many leads
you're driving. You can even spot check
the titles. But that doesn't tell you
much because at the end of the day, no
one cares at your company if you're
driving 10 leads, 100 leads, 10,000
leads. They care about quality. They
care about pipeline. They care about
money. And that's usually the challenge
like okay should we pause one campaign
to the detriment of the other because of
a high CPL maybe not because maybe that
campaign is driving quality you know and
>> yeah that's usually the disconnect and
where we on the agency side we need to
educate the client and yeah help them
throughout that process because maybe
they had a better experience in the past
and now I'm I'm getting on a run already
but maybe they had a better experience
in the past or maybe their previous
agency or they were working in house and
they weren't like their mindset wasn't
built to look past that.
>> So that's where we step in and we need
to educate them and made them make them
realize that lead quality matters and
that's not always what you see in the
platforms. One one uh one client comes
to my mind right now where they were
scaling up market and they were going
through this you know they were going
from this SMB model lower mid-market
where they're used to having more volume
and just driving leads driving leads
driving leads and like tracking the
number of leads generated every single
day was an important metric for them. If
that's you right now and you're you're
in that, you know, and you're making the
transition going up market, you have to
be careful because as you go up market,
the the emphasis on lead quality becomes
even greater.
>> And I remember and and you know who I'm
talking about, but there was like a
daily emphasis on leads generated. And
when there was like a day or two where
the lead count was lower or god forbid
there was no leads generated that day,
>> it was like full pandemonium, right?
Everyone freaking out. where are the
leads, what's going on, you know? Um,
and then just like hyperfocus on the
cost per lead. And one of the things
that we always say internally with
clients is eventually revenue will come
calling. So, you can go for a long time
just focusing on leads and cost per lead
and and avoiding the like the the
lagging metrics that actually manifest
into real business impact, but
eventually somebody is going to come
into that company and they're going to
look underneath the hood and they're
going to say, "Oh, we generated a
thousand leads this quarter. how many
actually became an you know a
salesqualified lead and how many of
those actually became real opportunities
and eventually became close one revenue.
So if you are falling in that trap just
want to just preface that because we see
it all the time. So if you are going up
market and you're you're shifting your
dynamics or if you've changed pricing or
if you've launched a new product or new
competitors that enter the market, all
of these things are going to impact your
ability to drive leads and of course the
associated cost per lead. So let's just
dive in a little bit here and I'm
looking at my talking points. Uh one of
the huge like biggest traps is people
focus on in platform metrics
>> where they're optimizing for cost per
lead as reported in the channel. So, for
example, LinkedIn says you're
profitable, but your CFO says you're
broke, you know, and and you're like at
a loss for words because you're like,
"What do you mean? I'm crushing it." All
channels say you're crazy right away.
>> Why don't you expand on that?
>> Yeah. I mean, if you just rely on the
metrics you see across all the channels
where you're running ads, all of them
will most likely say you're being
profitable because they want you to put
more money there. So, you can't you
can't leave it there. You have to dive
deeper. you have to check your CRM data
and yeah that's that's an important
topic because on the front end you might
be seeing a low CPL and you're happy
even the quality of the titles matches
but maybe not even your P if you're at
an agency or maybe your boss maybe
higher ups I'm talking about leadership
now they might the the metrics there
might be some disconnect between the
metrics you and your direct point of
contact are looking at or your team but
then leadership is looking at other
metrics. So even though to your point if
someone is saying oh we just want to
drive leads awesome but just know that
even if their that person's boss is
happy with leads if that person leaves
the company if that person gets fired
gets laid off someone joins and that's
where you mentioned like they would be
looking okay you drove this many leads
how many of those turn into pipeline and
we had that the other day right where
another person in UVP and guys this is
awesome but the lead to SQL rate sucks
Yeah,
>> and we we know why it sucks, but for
that person seeing it for the first time
without any context, that will get you
in trouble. So, it's not even about
optimizing or not just relying on those
metrics for your day-to-day. It's also
too because if you do it, you'll get in
trouble eventually.
>> It's a matter of time, right?
>> And if the business is crushing, they're
not relying as much on paid media. maybe
you're doing fine because no one cares
if things are going well. But once
things start going south,
>> that's when they start asking questions.
That's when they start connecting the
dots. Guys, we invested 100K on paid
ads. We got this many leads, zero
pipeline. Yeah.
>> What's broke, right? And at that point,
it's it's too late.
>> 100%.
>> You're you're already running behind.
One absolute critical thing that if
you're if you're watching this and you
take one thing from this episode, you
have to combine your CRM data and the ad
channel data. So, you cannot just rely
on what the ad channels say because
they're always going to lie. They're
always going to try to take credit,
right? Pixels overount their bias
towards trying to drive more revenue,
right, from from ad dollars associated
to them. You have to combine what
LinkedIn says or Google or Meta or
whatever the platform is with the CRM.
Combine them together into some sort of
dashboard so you can see I spent X, I
generated Y, and you're able to make the
associations. Uh even if you're not able
to do last touch association, if you're
running a lot of brand awareness, you
can at least see overall, hey, I spent X
dollars in this period. It generated Y
pipeline which closed into Z revenue.
And now you can start to understand
overall what's my efficiency in terms of
my pipe to spend, right? my my
performance metrics etc. But bringing
these two different things together is
critical so you can actually start to
make real decisions right and then you
don't fall into these these scenarios.
>> Yeah.
>> So I think to your point the CFO doesn't
look at the channels.
>> They see how they they see how much is
is going out of the company and how much
they're making. They don't care about
whatever Google says. Right? That's for
us. That's for the the performance teams
at the companies. The other people don't
care. They just want, yes, they want
attribution. They want to know what's
working and what isn't. But it doesn't
matter if you're saying this channel is
working if they're looking at the real
numbers and they see it's not. So,
>> yeah,
>> it's it's a losing fight if you just
rely on those.
>> That's a good point. So, now that we've
scarred people and hopefully, you know,
everyone's getting the point that you
cannot just measure cost for a lead and
and that be it.
>> Let's talk about how to actually improve
lead quality.
>> So, the the first place my brain goes is
targeting. you know, so what does great
targeting actually look like? And I
think we can get pretty tactical here.
So, let's just start with LinkedIn. What
is like great LinkedIn targeting look
like in your mind?
>> Yeah, in my mind is having a list of
target accounts. And when I say target
accounts is not only companies you want
to do business with. It needs to be
companies you want to do business with,
but you need to be realistic, right?
Everyone wants to go after Google, Meta,
but can your company actually support
them? What happens if one of those
companies closes? And also too like do
you actually have the budget to go after
those companies. So yes, you need to
have a list of target accounts ideally
aligned with your sales teams, but that
need that list first of all needs to to
take into account your budget and then
needs to be a realistic list and then is
reverse engineering and speaking with
sales and knowing what are the titles
you guys want to get in touch with. What
are the like if I was to get you this
person at this company in a 30 minute
call with you, what would be the ideal
title? And I guess that's how you can
start having those conversations with
them.
>> Mhm.
>> Because yes, even on LinkedIn, if you
want to get more tactical, even if
you're going after job titles, it can be
a little bit broad right now depending
on the title.
>> But I still think it's the best option
at the moment. List of target accounts
and then job titles. That would be the
best starting point for sure.
>> Yeah. So that's super super specific. So
it's VP of marketing who works at
Salesforce. Yeah. So you're combining
the two things together and I I agree. I
think one one other point as well in
terms of not just who you can sell into
is also taking into consideration the
company sizes.
>> So when the company is too large like
you mentioned everyone wants to work
with Google or you know Meta whatever
these companies are if they're so large
they'll cannibalize your budget.
>> So oftent times if you have a list of
accounts that you're interested in break
it out. So, it's like my tier one, my
tier two, my tier three, right? Or my A,
B's, and C's. So, maybe because I think
more often than account creation, where
people struggle is account
prioritization.
>> They're like, "Oh, I've got this list of
500 accounts. They're perfect. You know,
they're vetted by sales, etc." But then
they don't take into consideration that
how much money do I actually need to
invest to be able to get in front of
enough of these accounts to drive enough
volume? And and more the math side of
things, they don't really factor that
into it. And one easy starting point is
just get smaller. So it's like if you
can separate those list of accounts into
those three tiers based on priority and
impact um most likely to close in terms
of win rates, largest deal sizes, things
like this. Then that helps you
prioritize it uh a little bit further.
And then the next step there is if they
can layer the account list even further
with signals, it can dwindle that list
down even further to drive even higher
quality targeting. So, for context, like
maybe you have a list of a 100 accounts
you get down to and they're like the
perfect, you know, dream accounts, but
then you can layer in on top which of
those accounts actually have a previous
champion that you worked with.
>> Mhm.
>> Now, it goes down from like a 100 to 50.
You know, you're like, "Oh, wait a
second. This is getting nice." Right?
And then you dwindle it down even
further and now you have 30 accounts.
And then when you run the math based on
your CPM and your frequency, you realize
like, "Oh, wait a second. It's not going
to take us 100k a month to to do this.
Maybe we only need like 15, 20, 30,
right? Uh and then from there, you can
get your first wins and and get that
traction from from a targeting
perspective. But yeah, I totally agree
on the titles and the account list. And
for everyone that doesn't have an
account list, I think in today's age
with like chat GPT, you can literally
get an account list generated in
ChatGBT. You can go in there and you can
say, "Hey, provide me a an export of
companies that look like this." Like
there's really no excuse now not to have
one. You also have sales navigator,
right, where you can generate lists.
There's a bunch of other tools, but
those are like the most accessible. So
definitely have an account list. And you
know you did targeting well when the
impression itself is valuable.
>> Yeah.
>> Because that's another thing too is like
especially when it's like ABM and you
know going up market and all these
things like attribution becomes fuzzy,
right? So, one of the the things that we
always say internally and like we
preface is like if we never generated
any lastclick conversions, no direct
leads, and it was just impressions and
clicks that you had to justify this
investment, are the impressions itself
worth it? And if the answer is no, then
you probably didn't nail the targeting.
>> It often is. Yeah.
>> And it often is. Yeah. And on LinkedIn,
the the tool that comes to my mind is
like the audience insights tool. So you
can preload your account list, your job
titles, and you can already see what who
are the people in that list and kind of
get a sense of the quality before
launching your campaigns. So it's it's
super powerful. And uh one one other
thing I'll close on is
people have a a bias to default to the
targeting, especi especially B2B
marketers where we're always chasing the
next tech or the next tool or the the
best latest audience. One thing you can
do is just launch a pilot campaign. So
just spend like a,000 bucks, 2,000
bucks, whatever it is for you to
generate one lead, that break even cost
per lead. So like if you can spend up to
$3,000 for a demo or a trial, spend up
to that and just run something like a,
you know, an offer that can convert on
cold traffic, like an ebook, something
very easy, you know, and you basically
just launch this little pilot campaign
against the audience and then you start
to get conversions. And now you can see
the titles, the companies, etc. of who's
converting. So it'll already kind of
give you a sense of like the audience
quality and the targeting piece before
committing too much.
>> And this is so helpful when you're
running ads outside of LinkedIn and
you're doing this
>> on Meta, on YouTube, on Reddit, you know
what I mean? And these types of channels
where you don't have such precise
targeting, you can run these little
pilot plays and get signals and
feedback. Like back in 2021, I wanted to
see, can you reach B2B buyers on Tik Tok
and I ran this little ad basically
calling out B2B marketers in in the ad
copy and then it was just like swipe up
to or swipe left I think is the mechanic
on Tik Tok to to sign up for my
newsletter and I use like a lead genen
form. It was the worst experience ever.
But I just did it to see like who would
sign up, you know, and then I measured
like the quality of the titles coming in
and I was shocked like you could
actually reach some good people on
TikTok, you know, uh for a B2B audience,
which was really interesting.
>> Yeah, that's another thing too. You're
selling to people. So yeah, whether
they're in a in a more like professional
network or they're on TikTok, they're on
Meta, they're still around.
>> The challenge is if you can reach them
effectively. So, and that's a good tool.
And also one thing that I was reminding
myself was if you are unsure if which
titles you should be prioritizing or if
as many other companies your relation
with sales isn't the best, one thing you
can do too is you can export your list
of customers and you can upload them to
LinkedIn and LinkedIn gives you access
to pretty much what you were saying
around the demographic insights but for
that specific list. So you can spot
check the list of titles from your
audience. Even if you're operating a
really specific niche, you can even
check member skills, member groups,
although I'm not a really big fan. I
know some of our clients have seen some
success with it depending on their ICPS.
So that can be a good way to go too as
well
>> if you don't have a solid list, a solid
starting point. Or you do it the other
way around. You just start by excluding
the titles you don't want seeing
>> and and you start there with the
exclusions as well.
>> So, let's let's pretend I think this
would be a cool a cool segment here for
for this episode. Let's pretend I'm a
client.
>> Yeah.
>> And you had to advise me on how to nail
my targeting. So, I think we we
definitely covered LinkedIn. Use account
list. Start with titles and, you know,
really make sure you preview the
audience and nail that. Let's focus on
Google and Meta because those are the
the two other big ones. So, I'm a new
client starting and I'm like, "Hey,
Gonzalo, like help me get good quality
leads on Google." Where does your brain
go?
>> High intent keywords using exact match
types. The thing is that's not a secret
anymore. So, high intent keywords, yes,
but with Google, the challenge is you
can't control those on the other side of
the screen. Sylvia might be the right
fit, but I might be searching for the
same keyword as Sylvia. So, and I'm a
tire kicker. I I suck, you know, like
I'm unemployed. I'm retired, whatever.
Uh although with high intent keywords,
you won't get retired, but you get the
point. Um so for sure high intent
keywords, but when you're talking about
lead quality, the way I would advise is
first of all understanding what you mean
by lead quality because I can get get
you quality leads from Google when you
look at titles, but then yeah, but these
guys work at companies with one to 10
employees. I don't care about these
guys. So understanding what do you mean
by quality is important because if
you're targeting enterprises for example
and you want Google to drive you leads
maybe we need to adjust that expectation
because 10 15 20% of the leads you get
on Google are from enterprises the
others aren't so then it's a matter okay
can I afford getting an enterprise lead
from Google or is it more expensive
cheaper than LinkedIn or not because
yeah titles isn't usually the problem if
you're targeting high intent keywords
very very specific like CRM software but
then the companies where those people
work at or the the size of those
companies becomes is usually the issue
from what I see with the clients
>> so that would be that would be like yes
nailing the list of high intent keywords
if I'm new to your business I would ask
you what are the five to eight top
keywords you wanted to show up for and
maybe you won't give me like the high
intent ones but from the list you share
with me because you know the business
better than I I can advise you on how
you can best um select your or align
your keyword strategy to fit your goals.
But then it's okay diving a little bit
deeper into what you're actually looking
to accomplish because we have several
clients that want to to get leads from
Google. But then when you look at their
targeting on LinkedIn, they're targeting
enterprises.
>> Yeah.
>> And then they see lead quality on Google
sucks. or then they say, "Oh, our leads
on LinkedIn are so much more expensive
than on Google." They might, but the
problem is that on Google, most of the
leads you get are from small companies.
>> So that's why they're cheaper more most
of the time, right?
>> So
>> if we don't align that at from the
start, there will lead to a lot of tough
conversations in
>> So if you're if you're going just unpack
that. You're saying if you're going
upper mid-market enterprise like Google
is already kind of a bit of a losing
game. I mean, I wouldn't say losing
game, but it's more like un aligning the
expectations because if if when you
reverse engineer your numbers and we
know we can pay, I don't know, 5,000 per
lead on Google for an enterprise
company,
>> maybe you're getting leads at 5,000 on
Google, but you can't expect is out of
20 leads complaining that, oh, only one
or two were from an enterprise because
they that might happen. But as long as
you're still within that threshold that
we that we said, um, we need to be
aligned that that's not a problem. It's
it's like you're fishing and you're not
always getting the good fish, right? You
get some junk in between. But as long as
you align on that expectation, I think I
think it's important. So, it's not a
losing game, but yeah, if you're tight
on budget, maybe LinkedIn is the best
starting point for you because to your
point, then even if you're not getting
any leads at all, at least you know
you're only targeting the right people,
>> right? You you brought up a good point
around expectations of like how often
can you get quality versus no quality.
And I think it's super important for
people to understand that you're never
going to get 100% quality all the time,
especially as you scale outside of
LinkedIn. you're you're gonna have to
get used to different channels
performing at different levels of
accuracy. And if you ever want to scale
big, you have to get okay with that
because ultimately what you're looking
for is you're looking for the cumulative
performance across the channels working
together that will drive more volume,
right, in relation to the percentage
that will convert into quality. And on
LinkedIn, if you're not getting quality
already, that's a big red flag because
LinkedIn is the easiest place to get
actual quality. So, if you can't nail it
there, there's something fundamentally
wrong. Like, you have to fix the
targeting like we're talking about.
Google, to your point, to get quality,
it's high intent, exact match, right?
You're you're showing up for these
keywords. And if you're not getting
these people to convert with exact match
and these high intent phrases, there's
probably something wrong with the
landing page or the ad copy, right? Um,
it's not resonating, it's not
converting, etc. And then from there,
once you've proven out, hey, this is
converting, this is working, now you can
scale vertically where now you go phrase
match, uh, you know, broad match, broad
match is actually working for some
accounts quite well right now.
>> And that's what I was going to add like
even with exact match, yes, if it's not
converting at all, it's it's a red flag.
But if what we're seeing with some
clients, it's that just because everyone
knows you should go with intent
keywords, exact match, um, it's getting
expensive. So even with phrase match or
broad match to your point even if the
quality isn't the same just because it's
the numbers game sometimes it's it's a
better use of your money or in addition
to exact match then just relying on
exact match at all.
>> I'm talking about $80 CPC is like $7,000
CPL and maybe with a phrase match broad
match you get like 1.5k 2K isn't one to
one in terms of quality but for some
clients it's working so it's definitely
worth the shot. not as a starting point
but as a as a next step I'd say.
>> So just to be mindful of time let's
let's quickly touch on meta and driving
lead quality on meta and then I want to
segue us to creative and driving how
does creative factor in to actually
driving quality and then finally offers
and what do how should you be thinking
about offers in terms of like actually
driving the right quality leads. So just
what is your take right now in terms of
meta as a channel and its ability to
drive quality leads?
>> Yeah, I know that we have one or two
clients seeing some success on meta, but
yeah, I'm not 100% sold. To your point,
the way I advise clients is okay, let's
run a pilot. Let's see what the lead
quality looks like. And then again,
similar to Google, you're not expecting
100% of the leads to be quality. But if
half of them are, and just the fact that
the leads on met are so much cheaper, it
can be worth it. But again, you need to
be prepared to see a lot of junk coming
in, maybe your sales team, I don't think
they would treat those leads anyway. But
sometimes just the fact that they see
those bad titles come in already started
some uncomfortable conversations
internally. But yeah, with Meta, I would
say it's a bit hit or miss. It's
definitely worth the try as any channel
when you're looking to expand outside of
LinkedIn especially. But
yeah, it's it's really hit or miss and
it's aligned with what you're saying.
From my experience, creatives is
definitely definitely plays a big piece.
>> That's also to what our creative team is
focused on when clients are running ads
on meta. Like the messaging needs to be
super specific because you get a lot of
clicks. A lot of people fill out those
easy to fill forms, right? Yeah.
>> But then sales reach out, these guys
don't even remember filling it out in
the first place. Or maybe they put like
job title, they put bad, you know what I
mean? So, and that's a challenge too, by
the way, not to to get off topic, but
like with meta, you might be targeting
the right like let's say I want to
target a founder, CEO, and you you fill
out the form,
>> but you need to manually input your
title. So, you can just put like, I
don't know, DJ.
>> So, you're still the right guy, the
right person, but just because you put
DJ,
>> you get disqualified.
>> Yeah. So, that's the thing, too. And so
that's something there are specific
nuances to keep in mind on meta but
definitely worth a shot especially if
you have you can you you either have
those capabilities in house or you're
working with creative teams external
teams to really hit the messaging on the
creative side of things more so than the
targeting. I would say creative is the
most important thing on meta.
>> Yeah. And with meta it's much more about
algorithmic bidding and letting the
auction and the algorithm do the heavy
lifting for you. So typically you're
having much larger audience sizes and
then you're you're running your ads and
your ads themselves act as the mechanism
of like filtering the right people. So
meaning the copy the the script of the
video if it's a video ad etc
you're interested in. So, for example,
like when I ran that ad on Tik Tok, I
was using broad targeting, but the same
fundamentals would apply to meta where
in the video I was saying, hey, if
you're a B2B marketer and you're
interested in learning more about ads,
and then I segueed into the newsletter
pitch. The same is true with meta. Like,
you have to you're going broader and
then you're leveraging the algorithm to
do a lot of this. And it also requires a
lot many a much more uh conversion
events so the algorithm can optimize
towards your favor. Just a couple quick
notes on targeting for everyone that's
interested in meta. I am seeing a lot of
success with it in the dev space. I've
heard some good things from like ad
conversion community students where
they're saying like they're crushing it
on meta in the dev space and like
engineering and things like this. So
it's definitely worth a shot and if you
are getting started easiest place is
just upload your list and then create a
1 or 2% lookalike very tactically
speaking. Uh the second thing you can do
is you can use a thirdparty tool uh like
metadata, clear bit, say primer and then
they can basically upload lists into
meta so you can replicate some level of
accountbased targeting on that platform.
So just a couple of quick tactics for
everyone. Let's uh let's quickly touch
on creative. So I kind of alluded to it
a little bit of creative and like how it
impacts your targeting so uh
effectively, but what are your thoughts
there?
Yeah, I would say it does the heavy
lifting for you. To your point, even if
it's a list, it's a look alike. The
lookalike, as far as I understand, the
look alike is based on that that those
people behavior, right? Not necessarily
their titles. So people I mean it's
tricky because on meta even with
lookalikes like even 1% to your point,
sometimes it's hit or miss and it really
depends on the offer too and the
expectations. Like we had this client
that they were running campaigns for an
event, a virtual event, and they got a
ton of leads on Meta. Of course, quality
wasn't the same as LinkedIn, but we're
talking about $124
leads at like a 67% quality rate, which
is pretty cool, especially knowing that
on LinkedIn they were paying 60 $70. So,
I think offer on top of creative also
plays a piece, but still the messaging
needs to be on point. creative does the
the heavy lifting for you there. And
if you try to follow the trend,
especially on Tik Tok, you have those
split screens or people playing games,
cutting cutting fruit or something. Yes,
you get people's attention, they will
consume your content, you'll be paying
for those. It's cheap, but ultimately
that will send the bad signals to the
algorithm. And one thing to add not just
about creative but campaign objectives
there from what I see are even more
important than on LinkedIn because
yeah just because on meta you get so
many more signals that the campaign
objectives from what I've seen matter a
lot like you can be running top of the
funnel campaigns optimizing for website
conversions as long as you have those
events because then you're giving meta
the signals that okay even if you're not
expecting these folks to convert right
away because you're not at least Meta
will be forced to show the ads to people
with a greater likelihood of making that
event. And it can be a form submission,
it can be a registration for an event,
whatever it is,
>> but the more the more indications, the
more um thresholds you set there, uh
help you. And I know this carried a
little bit outside of the the creative
topic,
>> but uh I really don't have much to add
on top of of it. Like it really does the
heavy lifting. So you need to
continuously test. You need to be
careful because it's not like LinkedIn
where you can um split your budget ac
across all the ads so you get learnings.
Each ad gets pretty much the same
delivery. It's not like that. So you
need to be smart when testing. We have
this person internally that they're
running a lot of ads at our company for
a client on meta and they just he just
splits the campaigns the the ads by
adsets. So that way you can control the
budget at the adset level. It's not the
ideal setup. It's more time consuming,
but ultimately it's just looking to get
learnings faster, optimize what's
working, pause what's not. And
>> on meta 2, the challenge that you might
have if you're testing a lot is the
creative team ships five ads. You launch
all five and then two of them get
delivery. The other three don't even see
the daylight. And that's why too, yes,
you need to be testing a lot on meta
especially, but you have to be mindful
with the campaign setup because
otherwise your team is creating a lot of
good ads and they don't ever they don't
even get a chance, you know.
>> Yeah.
>> So, yeah,
>> that's a good point. I I want to just
close on offers because I think of all
the areas that we talked about in terms
of targeting creative channels. Offers
is the number one most important thing
that impacts ultimately the success of
the campaign. The offer is what is on
the other side of the adclick. So this
is the thing that people are actually
signing up for. And this is also the
greatest opportunity for B2B. And we
kind of think about offers and and
coming up with different offers and the
process of that. We call it offer
engineering internally. And essentially
one of the one of the ways offers comes
into play is not just who you get to
convert but where they are in their
buyer's journey. And the offer is a way
for you to not just get the VP of
marketing at Salesforce to sign up but
get the VP of marketing at Google who is
in market and actually looking for a
solution to convert.
>> So let me let me give you like an
example and this is usually what I
explain to clients. It's if we were
going to get leads for oursel for ad
conversion, right? If I was running a
webinar and I ran a webinar on the topic
how to get started with LinkedIn ads and
I promoted that to a perfect list of
accounts, job titles, yeah, sure, I can
get VPs of marketing and CMOs to sign
up, but the time from them signing up to
scheduling a demo might be six, nine
months in the future. Maybe I get lucky
and I get a few of them to sign up
sooner that happen to be in market
versus if I ran another offer, the same
webinar, but instead I positioned it as
how to fix your LinkedIn ads rorowaz in
the next 60 days, and I launch that
offer to the same list of accounts, same
titles, etc. The people who sign up for
the second one are going to be far more
likely to actually schedule a demo in
the future. Why? The offer implies
they're running ads on LinkedIn.
>> It implies their ads are not doing very
well, right? And that they need to solve
it now, right? And they want that
immediiacy within the next 60 days. So,
there's a a whole breath of opportunity
in terms of thinking about offers and
getting creative and just putting a
different spin on things and actually
thinking about the entire experience and
not just, oh, I signed up for an ebook.
they didn't become an SQL, you know, and
it's like, whoa, let's just unpack that
content, you know what I mean? Like,
yeah, gated content sucks. It's like,
wait a second, like, one, what was the
ebook on, right? Two, what was the
actual experience for the user? And
three, was the ebook and the format
actually substantial enough to prefame
the prospect, right, to build enough
affinity and trust around the problem so
that they could actually convert into
the thing that you want, which is like
actual demos or trials. So, uh, offers
is a massive piece and I know we're I
know we're over time here, so we'll
we'll close it out there. Thanks so much
for watching this episode. If today's
combo hit home for you and you want to
go deeper, check out adconversion.com.
You'll find free courses, a killer
advertising community, and if you're
ready to scale, we'd love to work with
you.